alright so tell me how long have you
been waiting here since nine o'clock
this morning we've been here since
wednesday morning at around twelve
o'clock uh
hours now since Wednesday night I got
here Tuesday afternoon but this was my
second stop the audience's Wednesday
five in the morning he's been here so
yeah n o'clock in the morning I mean we
were saying good what am I doing here I
woke up in the ring um wait here for the
ps3 i've been here since wednesday
afternoon I've been rained on twice I
had to go Bob plastic rain suit so I can
live asleep outside we actually started
at about two o'clock and another best
buy they told us we had to leave we came
over here or lion had already formed so
we got in line over here Tuesday night
and have been here since luckily my
friends brought me food and blankets and
you seen the cops just passed yesterday
they took all of us out and social are
closed for drugs only one is a ps3 I've
been waiting for ps3 since I was 16
excusa Tuesday Tuesday Tuesday's been
here since tuesday i've been here since
tuesday club i just happen to be going
out to dinner one night tonight actually
and i just said it before it is we saw
this crowd of people going around i gave
up on getting a playstation 3 oh really
we saw this crowd and they were like
yeah we're giving our raffle tickets and
they picked my number I couldn't believe
it well I came yesterday and they told
me to come back and I came back with my
cousin that's him that's um that's John
number 5 I'm number 6 and I've been here
to ten o'clock at first there's a line
over here it's a little disappointing in
a little scary because we've been here
since Wednesday and then a few of these
people behind us just hop in front of
the door when you've been camping out
over here for three days and just saying
that you know first come first serve and
they're going to try and cut us or
whatever and then it's gonna be a big
problem and then there's a lot over here
and then I kind of broke that up because
I wanted ps2 so bad so that everyone was
mad at me but I don't really care that's
why I boys he and i was gonna ask p but
this guy over here he's crazy when I is
my best friend role happy family you
gotta we got nicknames for everybody now
we got this guy in denial over he thinks
he's got
I doubt he's convinced he's great your
hand he's so like I'm gonna get well
he's not getting anything this is stevo
she's lucky lady luckily lucky lady cuz
she got her ticket given to her
basically basically oh god no eyes Jesus
Jesus guys cousin oh yeah they promised
us something better than the xbox a they
got a lot to live up to right now
because some games on xbox 360 are doing
tremendum that ps3 is the best one I
wanted a decent blu-ray player that was
under a thousand dollars it's got great
graphics it's got eight processors on it
it's a it's more of a multi
entertainment unit when I saw what 360
was looking like then I figured you know
what ps3 is gonna be off the chart a lot
better than that so that alone just told
me yo I gotta get this I hate ps3 I just
want the money I don't even want it
y'all go look anybody yeah we're gonna
five thousand dollars on eBay eBay yeah
we were looking on ebay all night
they're up to like three thousand
dollars for just the console when you
can for six hundred dollars you know it
seems to me that Sonia the start of
every launch has a problem manufacturing
their product and distributing their
product effectively they did it at the
PS the PSP ps2 are the same problems and
you know ps2 was around a holiday season
as well so it just seems you're very
convenient that they can't make their
own product it actually makes the ebay
price go up yeah great I think without
them I wouldn't be making so much money
what about the way what about the wee
wee wee what are the kids the wheels
probably gonna sell like this Christmas
do any progress 1 million I haven't
heard from Nintendo sins like 1995 they
like tied up right the control thing on
the way I'm good Nintendo's like a jheri
curl right now this is not in style
anymore nobody plays Nintendo they're
gonna sell a lot oh but the PlayStation
2 is it already foreign exchange
students play Nintendo know if I had a
son I would buy him a wee bit about
myself because there's too this plane is
screwing so you got a bet like fight at
one of the best buys it was everybody
hit that had been going there
the week trying to start the line since
Tuesday we're told you no come back come
back come back so they came back at you
know by the time they got there the
night there's you know 100 and 200
people you know outside the premises
waiting to get on to get on this line
that starts at eleven 430 systems so
they put together this set of rules you
know ok this is the rules that they hand
out everybody the over at the best buy
at the plaza thinking everyone's going
to follow this they set up a time for
them to line up eleven o'clock good cop
says fuck at ten-thirty there we just
let it bum rush at ten-thirty it becomes
a melee people are in there they start
the line early next thing you know all
hell breaks loose people are you know
fighting lights and everything over this
I left that over there came over and
asked all his eyes we're family we gotta
wait outside that sucks some days school
we got Wi-Fi internet we got my castle
rock on some tacos chips hey tell your
ps3 for as much as you can 4G when I was
sleep not in it he starts a job yet it's
not for me it's for my boss he paid from
rock for days here he paid for me to
stay here we're splitting the profit I
just got paid to sit here for four days
you